Hey, good morning family. I'm going to do
back-to-back
videos today, but I just want to
tell you all another thing that was on
my heart. You know, I told you all I
went and had a meeting with Pastor
Steve Cioccolanti, and I want
to tell you all this: the
Lord uses me a lot and I pray a lot
with intercessory prayer.
I just wanted to say this: if
you're looking for... we were
talking—Pastor
Steve and I were just talking
about covering.
People don't realize... he was
just talking to me and said, 'Brandon, I really
think you should make a video about this,
about coverings for
people—prayer
coverings and church
coverings.'He
said there's a lot of the
body of Christ right now that he
has
seen that are
rogue. They don't have a covering,
they don't have a church home, they don't
let anybody be their shepherd
over the flock that protects them
in prayer and is helping them
grow spiritually. They're
just out doing their own thing.
I've seen bad
coverings and good coverings. A
lot of times, as I've told
you all, when you tithe
to
the body of
Christ—the
church—there's
an exchange. When you tithe
there and you're giving to that
church, there is
an umbrella that comes over you
of divine protection, favor, and a
spiritual covering. I've
told you all about atmospheres, and I'm
very sensitive to spiritual atmospheres.
You can tell when you have a good
covering versus when you're in a bad
covering. Pastor Steve is an
amazing man of God; I'm telling you all,
he loves the Lord. When I give to him,
and I sow and tithe
or whatever to his
church, there is a supernatural
covering there. Like I said,
I've given to other churches,
and it's like this: what's on the
leadership where you're
giving comes down upon the people. If the pastor
is
in sin, you start seeing
manifestations of sin in the staff, then
it starts coming down on
the congregation because it starts
with the head and it comes down.
It's like a covenant. I
haven't
really
gone
into a lot about covenants, but
some of you might know
that
when you go into covenant with your
wife or husband and you
get married, the two become one.
It's like that in the spirit realm; when
you link up with a church, you have a
spiritual oneness. It becomes like a
family; it's the body of
Christ. But the body is not like the
hands being rogue and the feet being rogue over here.
The body becomes one;
it moves and functions like a
body. It's the same way
when you come under
a godly
covering
that prays for
its
people, intercedes, or prays for
you when you're sick, or
that believes in intercessory prayer like
Pastor Steve. They have prayer every
single night at a corporate
thing, and he asked me to start being a
part of that and leading some of it.
I'm praying about it; I feel
in my heart I'm supposed to help out
with this. I encourage
you,
if you want to come to live
prayer, you can come over to his
thing. I'm going to start doing live
prayer on—I believe it's like at
8:00
or something—you'll have to go to his
website or his app,
a
really cool app, and go to the
live prayer thing. He's asking me
to do some of them, so I'm asking
the
Lord. I'm busy a lot, but I'm going to
do as many as I can, at least
once a week or maybe once every
other week.
I
really feel a tugging on my heart to
help.
Even where I am
with the Lord, I know whenever I
need covering. Tithing is
for today;
it's just being in a family, a
church. I want to encourage
you: if you're rogue and off by
yourself and don't feel like you
need it, try a church covering that is
really good, where you bring yourself
under an umbrella.
Some people say
tithing is not for today, but I'm going
to be real with you: I feel like
tithing is for today. I tithe, I give, I
sow, and I believe the Bible says
in Malachi that he rebukes the
devourer
for your
sake. Read
that whole passage there. I still
believe for me today that
the windows of heaven are open
and he pours out a blessing that we
don't have room enough to receive.
I believe with all my heart there's
still a covenant exchange with finances
and with the Lord and
the pastor's
covering. Like I
was telling you all just a minute ago,
when we were sowing to this other
church, we didn't know the pastor was
committing adultery on his wife
and covering it up for a whole
year.
This is interesting: there
is
always an exchange. Everybody
on staff came to me a lot for counseling, and people
would
say, 'Man, I am
really
battling with lust,
pornography,
and
this and that.'I said,
'This is really strange because you're
like the fourth person this last couple
of
weeks who has come up to me asking
for prayer and help for
this.'I
started seeing it a lot in the men and
the staff, and it started spreading.
Then adultery started
happening—a
major pastor there
had adultery, then another
messed up with adultery, then another
worker. It was starting to go through, and
I wondered what was going on. But
as the head, so it was coming down over
the people. I'm not giving them excuses,
but there was something
about the spirit;
there's an exchange.
If you start
linking yourself up with
someone
spiritually like this in a covenant, you
have an exchange. In the old days, they talked about an exchange of something. It's the same thing with communion; it's a covenant. We take the wine which represents the blood and the cracker which represents the body, and there's an
exchange.
I
hope I don't butcher this, but I'm
trying to put it all together for you
to understand the importance of
having
a spiritual
covering over your home. Pastor
Steve is an amazing covering. I'm
excited to be there and be a
part of his church.
When
he gets a physical
location and it's really established, I
would love to move my family there and
really start to go to his
church and be a part. Maybe
he'll let me preach, who knows? I
just want to
tell you all it's important to be a
part of something.
Whether it's online like I'm talking
about with Pastor Steve or online for
someone
else, don't be out by
yourself. Find a good place to be a
part of, tithe, give, and help the body out.
Help that church out
and
help that pastor get his mission
out and get the
gospel out. Give five
bucks or whatever.
I
feel it's important
that we don't try to be
a lone ranger out doing our own thing
but
be a part of the body.
I
think it's important to tell
you this because I experience it
firsthand. As I said, I am very
sensitive to the spirit realm about
this kind of stuff. I know
immediately whenever there's something
going on in that church.
You have your spiritual
antennas up and you go, 'Something's
going
on.'It's
like Pastor John Kilpatrick;
I
love his ministry. If I lived in
Mobile,
Alabama, I'd go to his church on
Sundays. I'd help Pastor Steve still, but
Pastor John Kilpatrick is amazing. There
are
certain
pastors that I really
feel good about and they really
stand out to me. I walk in the prophetic,
but I don't walk in the pastoral.
It's amazing, the
gifting of a pastor and what they're
called to do to help protect the sheep.
I
want to encourage you all
to find a good church home, get
plugged in somewhere, and get excited
about Jesus coming.
Know that we are living in the last
of the last days. Let me pray for you
all today. I hope this
blessed you all. It was just
on my heart from a conversation
I had with Pastor
Steve, and he thought I should talk about
it because people need to hear
this.
They think, 'Well, Brandon doesn't need it,
he's off on his own.'No, even
I
and my family believe
this way; we believe in the
local church, we believe in Jesus coming,
and
we believe that you need a covering.
Father, I thank You for
every single person represented
here today. I thank You, Lord, that
You would speak to their hearts.
May
they find a good church home if
they've been hurt,
grieved, or burdened down by
people hurting them at a church. I thank
You, Father, that they forgive them and
realize that people are just people;
they
are human. We forgive
those who persecute us or hurt us.
Father, I thank You that we dust ourselves off
and find a good church to go to,
letting
that pastor encourage us and get us
filled with the Word of God.
If you're going to church, find
one
that preaches the Word and believes in
the baptism of the Holy Spirit—it's very
important too. I thank You,
Lord, that they would find a Holy Ghost church
that believes in the baptism of the Holy
Spirit, the evidence of
speaking in tongues,
healing, and
deliverance—one
that is not ashamed of the Holy Spirit
or
the gospel
and
does not preach a
lukewarm, seeker-friendly gospel. We
thank You, Lord, that these people would
have a stirring
and an urgency inside of them
to get ready because Jesus is
coming. We're excited about Your
coming, Lord. We're excited about
the signs of the
times and Your coming. We thank You, Lord,
for all that You're doing. We call
healing, wholeness, and wellness over every
single person represented here
today. We call them delivered from
sickness and disease from the top of
their heads to the soles of their
feet—delivered
from acid reflux, GERD, or whatever
it may be. Jesus paid
the price for you to walk in divine
health over thyroid disorders,
eating disorders, anorexia, and
all kinds of things. God has paid the
price for you to be free from it, and I
thank You, Lord, that You took it
all on the cross for them. I thank You,
Father, that You bore it
in Your body so we need
not bear it in our
bodies.
Jesus paid it for us. Father,
I thank You for every person
here who has liked,
subscribed, and is helping me
with the gospel.
I call blessing
on their house, family,
and
minds, and increase
upon
them in Jesus'name. They are the
head and not the tail, above and not
beneath; they will go through and not
go under. They are more than
conquerors through Him who is in
Christ Jesus. We thank You, Lord, for
Your covering,
Your blood, and
Your love
for us. In Jesus'name, Amen. Well, I
just want to say: please
click that notification
bell. I don't know where my pillows went,
but
it's fine; don't worry about
them. Put a smile on your face and a song
in your heart. Jesus loves you so much,
and we love you. We will see you very
soon. Have a blessed day.
Bye-bye.